# Locker Room

### Abstract

Locker Room is a macOS application to create, encrypt and decrypt local disk images using a public-private key pair generated by an external hardware device. Locker Room is intended to secure digital assets with physical hardware.

### How-To

There are two top-level views in the application: **Lockboxes** and **Keys**. These views can be toggled between using the menu bar item located in the top-right corner of the application. The **Lockboxes** view shows a list of created lockboxes and the **Keys** view shows a list of enroll keys. When the **Lockboxes** view is selected the plus button in the bottom-right corner will prompt the user to add a new lockbox. And when on the **Keys** view is selected the plus button will prompt the user to enroll a new key using an external hardware device.

When a lockbox is created it starts off unencrypted and a user can add files to it. A lockbox cannot be encrypted until at least one key has been enrolled using an external hardware device. Once a key is enrolled the corresponding public key is stored. The public key can later be used to encrypt lockboxes without the external hardware device present. Every currently enrolled key will be used to encrypt a lockbox so that multiple external hardware devices can be used as backups for decryption. Future enrolled keys will not be used to retroactively encrypt previously encrypted lockboxes.

### Technical Details

### Known Issues

### Future Enhancements

### Contact

@NSNolan - latesonarinn@gmail.com
